the whole philosophy for the movie was
to try to shoot everything in camera so
we decided that made sense to build a
full-scale version of the bubble ship
once you get the fuselage on you can go
anywhere but the tail boom um or you can
do the we're finally getting the bubble
sugar stuff oh this is the first time
it's ever been pieced together ever
we spent an hour and a half on creating
and finding all the parts it's like
Christmas morning so we're getting
everything out of the packages you know
the bubble wrap all these studs mount to
the plate on there your fingers go back
I have no idea it's gonna be like this
man I'm shaking right now being able as
a designer to participate on a movie
where they build real vehicles
it's a designer's dream come true
everything's fully assembled now we're
just working on getting the lights fired
up for tonight for Tom and Joe again Tom
Cruise was super involved with
everything he came to the workshops
where we built it he had some input on
the controls to make sure it felt as
realistic as possible with the foot
pedals and the control stick it's so
beautifully designed every piece of it
was just smooth and elegant it was
really exciting to get to share that
moment with him good job guys there's a
couple different incarnations of the
bubble ship we have the complete bubble
ship and we have basically just a
cockpit on a full motion-based gimbal so
we'll get all the flying footers and
then in visual effects we will put the
rest of the ship on the backside of that
right
tom is the pilot himself so he's very
comfortable with all this movement we go
a little faster but he's never been on
any kind of gimbal like this before
Olga will tell you today she wasn't
scared she was scared
the bubble ship is a beautiful creation
when it's just standing on the ground
but you don't want to be in there when
it's flipping around
at the end I like to actually I have to
admit but don't tell anyone I pretended
like I didn't she's very brave she
toughed it out and her performance of
the movie is priceless because it's real
it's not acting
you